[go_router] adds async feature and build context to redirect (#2435)
flutter/packages: packages/go_router/README.md

);
```

## Redirection

> You can use redirection to prevent user from visiting a specific page. In

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use redirection to prevent the user from visiting a specific page. In
```

go_router, redirection can be asynchronous.

```dart
GoRouter(
  ...
  redirect: (context, state) async {
    if (await LoginService.of(context).isLoggedIn) {
      return state.location;
    }
    return '/login';
  },
);
```

> If the code depends on [BuildContext](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/BuildContext-class.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If the code depends on [BuildContext](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/BuildContext-class.html)
```

through the [dependOnInheritedWidgetOfExactType](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/BuildContext/dependOnInheritedWidgetOfExactType.html)
(which is how `of` method is usually implemented), the redirect will be called every time the [InheritedWidget](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/InheritedWidget-class.html)
updated.

### Top-level redirect

> The [GoRouter.redirect](https://pub.dev/documentation/go_router/latest/go_router/GoRouter-class.html)
> will be called for every navigation regardless of which GoRoute it matches. It
> always takes priority over route-level redirect.

Reviewer: Consider:

```suggestion
The [GoRouter.redirect](https://pub.dev/documentation/go_router/latest/go_router/GoRouter-class.html)
is always called regardless of which GoRoute was matched. The
top-level redirect always takes priority over route-level redirect.
```

### Route-level redirect

The [GoRoute.redirect](https://pub.dev/documentation/go_router/latest/go_router/GoRoute/redirect.html)
will only be called if the route has matched the GoRoute. If there are multiple

> GoRoute matches, e.g. GoRoute with sub-routes. The parent route redirect takes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GoRoute matches, e.g. GoRoute with sub-routes, the parent route redirect takes
```

> priority over sub-routes' redirect.

Reviewer: Should we reiterate that the top-level redirect will take precedence over the `GoRoute`'s redirect here? This would be repetitive, but, useful for anyone that skipped the top-level redirect section.

);
```

## Redirection

You can use redirection to prevent the user from visiting a specific page. In
go_router, redirection can be asynchronous.

```dart
GoRouter(
  ...
  redirect: (context, state) async {
    if (await LoginService.of(context).isLoggedIn) {
      return state.location;
    }
    return '/login';
  },
);

> ```

Reviewer: Async redirects is a bit more of an advanced scenario. I'd personally prefer to put the simpler sync scenario here and keep async to an example.

If the code depends on [BuildContext](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/BuildContext-class.html)
through the [dependOnInheritedWidgetOfExactType](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/BuildContext/dependOnInheritedWidgetOfExactType.html)

> (which is how `of` method is usually implemented), the redirect will be called every time the [InheritedWidget](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/InheritedWidget-class.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(which is how `of` methods are usually implemented), the redirect will be called every time the [InheritedWidget](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/InheritedWidget-class.html)
```

updated.

> ### Top-level redirect

Reviewer: I don't think a newcomer would understand top-level vs route-level redirects by this point. Should we update the code sample above to contain both a top-level and route-level redirect?
